That's absurd.
The prince of a dignified country will come when he speaks
Your Majesty, you cannot be gullible.
Don't miss the medication.
It's this big
What about the Third Prince and King Yong?
You know I can't make 30 million yuan in silver
Normal people don't dare to speak in such a tone
Your Highness, Your Highness
Spending time in Haikou is just weird for normal people.
Qixiu, stop talking nonsense here
If the treasury cannot supply silver taels
Royal civil unrest
Your Majesty's summary that's you
Responsible plan
The prince can get 30 million taels of silver
Never earned 30 million
Hmph, it's really full of lucky flowers
The father and his ministers suggest that His Royal Highness the Crown Prince should be severely punished
Prince, you are responsible for the boasted Haikou
Childhood incompetence
Only a mere 50 million
Mo Bao also brought back
Hahahahaha
Okay, okay, the prince's ability is really outstanding
Raised 50 million taels of silver in one day
How is that possible?
I gave up this old face
Just borrowed 5 million two silver
50 million
This
Really copy guy
Third Prince Yong
You two have repeatedly smeared the prince
knowable sin
The guilt of the minister is on you both, and it is also for my sake
Divamo
Half a year, the third prince of Fenglu
The prince is your brother
Don't offend him
You need to learn more from his wisdom bag and read more
Enron
Take the silver to the panties
Used for imperial examinations and royal palace is His Royal Highness
Get up
Is there anything else?
Your Majesty
I have a military-state event that involves military secrets
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince is not listening